In this project, I was asked to create a clock on a website that would allow the viewers to read the time using a standard 12-hour clock and a 24-hour clock as well. I was particularly well with branches and loops. I believe my code showed my efficiency in if, while and switch statements. I suppose some improvements I could make with my code is better improving my use of whitespaces to make my code more readable to other coders. Writing the code wasn't too challenging as I am very comfortable with loops and switches. However, looking back over my code to find errors was a minor struggle and I had overcome this by regularly compiling the code I had written to check for errors and grammar mistakes. I believe the skills I had demonstrated with this project will be useful in other projects requiring extensive use of loops and branches. 
For my CS-230-T3268 Operating Platforms 23EW3 class, I was tasked with helping a software company called The Gaming Room in expanding their current game Draw It or Lose It to the other operating systems besides their current operating system Android. Their software requirements was that the game would be functional and cross-playable on multiple OS such iOS, Windows, etc. For this to proceed, my client desired a client-server design for which the server will communicate with the individual clients on multiple types of systems, allowing for cross-play on multiple platforms. I believe I did well in laying out the development requirements for the server side, client side and development tools needed for the project to go through. The process in working through a design document worked wonders with the coding, especially concerning the Domain Model. I used what I had written down about the classes and relationships in order to make a functional code. If there was one part of the document that I would go over again, it would probably be the design constraints as I felt it was a bit basic in nature. For The Gaming Room's needs, I put heavy emphasis on creating a functional client-server design that would fit their requirements of having a multi-platform game. Such emphasis on the consideration of user's needs is what drives projects to succession. I first aproached designing the software using the information I had written in the design document. It helped me in determing what my constraints were regarding the actual code. In the future, I plan to use more documents such as this in order to organize my code more effectively and produce software more effienciently.
